This document tells how to set up a shortcut key to take bookmarks on
the fly while watching a video.  The method described here uses kodi
addon 'Keymap Editor' to create the shortcut key.  Installation and
basic use of 'Keymap Editor' is described in (eg) a youtube video at
<https://youtu.be/P6ibagPBSFI> (subsumed here in first few steps).

1. Install addon 'Keymap Editor': In kodi, bring up a list of Program Addons in the kodi repository.  (Eg, in the confluence skin, click Programs; move the mouse cursor to the right arrow at the left edge of the screen; click 'Get more...' under 'Actions'.)

2. Scroll down to 'Keymap Editor', or press shift-K to jump down to
it.  Click 'Keymap Editor' and then 'Install'.  Exit from the addons
dialog.

3. Start Keymap Editor by clicking Programs and the Keymap Editor
icon.  Click 'Edit'.

4. If you want the shortcut key to be available in all kodi contexts,
click 'Global' on the 'Select Window to manage shortcuts' screen.
Otherwise, select specific contexts like 'Videos', 'Fullscreen Video',
etc.

5. On the 'Select action category' screen, click 'Playback'.

6. On the 'Select the action to assign a key' screen, press the End
key to get to end of list.  Then click 'Create Bookmark'.  A Keymap
Editor box with two choices will appear: 'Edit key' and 'Remove'.

7. Decide what key you want to use for the shortcut, and be prepared
to press that key.  When ready, click the 'Edit key' choice, and then
within five seconds, press an available key that you want to have
assigned to the shortcut.  Many keys are already assigned to various
shortcuts; see eg <https://kodi.wiki/view/Keyboard_controls> for a
list.  Note, shifted number keys -- like !, @, #, $, ^, &, * -- seem
to be unassigned.  If you use an already-assigned key, its default
usage will be overridden.

8. After assigned desired shortcut keys, press Esc three times to back
out to the top screen of Keymap Editor, which has Edit, Reset, and
Save choices.  Click Save.

Now the assigned desired shortcut keys are available for use in their
assigned environments.  For example, if you assign '@', or shift-2, to
the 'Create Bookmark' function, then a bookmark will be taken
(silently) each time you press the '@' key during video playback.
